Update Add-TeamChannelUser.md (#11339)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Add-TeamChannelUser.md

## SYNOPSIS
Adds an owner or member to the private channel.

> Note: The command will return immediately, but the Teams application will not reflect the update immediately. Please refresh the members page to see the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will return immediately, but the Teams application will not reflect the update immediately. To see the update you should refresh the members page.
```

> Note: Technical limitations of private channels apply. To add a user as a member to a channel, they need to first be a member of the team. To make a user an owner of a channel, they need to first be a member of the channel. In some cases, this might require to call `Add-TeamChannelUser` twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Technical limitations of private channels apply. To add a user as a member to a channel, they need to first be a member of the team. To make a user an owner of a channel, they need to first be a member of the channel. In some cases, this might require you to call `Add-TeamChannelUser` twice.
```

> Note: Technical limitations of private channels apply. To add a user as a member to a channel, they need to first be a member of the team. To make a user an owner of a channel, they need to first be a member of the channel. In some cases, this might require you to call `Add-TeamChannelUser` twice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Technical limitations of private channels apply. To add a user as a member to a channel, they need to first be a member of the team. To make a user an owner of a channel, they need to first be a member of the channel.
```
